# I can't find a certain feature or setting — TradingView Help Center

**URL:** https://www.tradingview.com/support/folders/43000547370-i-can-t-find-a-certain-feature-or-setting/

---

## Содержание

I can't find a certain feature or setting — TradingView Help Center Skip to main content Search Products Community Markets Brokers More EN Get started Help Center / Knowledge base / Chart / I can't find a certain feature or setting I can't find a certain feature or setting Quick search on TradingView: find anything super fast How do I change the ticker symbol for all charts of layout simultaneously? How can I remove all drawings & indicators from the chart? Is there a way to change chart timezone or clock time at the bottom of the chart? How do I change the date format? How to apply an indicator or strategy to another indicator How can I change the visual order/layer of indicators, drawings & candles? How to enable/disable Dark theme How to share/protect my charts How to adjust the indicator settings How to maximize a chart in multichart layout How to go to the specific date on the chart How can I see several charts in one tab? How can I enable/disable the drawings toolbar? How to adjust data for dividends How to change the unit of measurement on a chart? I want to hide the values ​​of individual indicators How to favorite Indicators, Financials, Drawing Tools, and Timeframes? How can I enable backadjustment for continuous futures? How to quickly adjust visibility of a drawing or indicator Switching continuous futures contracts Expiration date of futures contracts on the chart I want to change the number of decimals on the scale How is the switching date of contracts determined in continuous futures How do I convert chart data to another currency? How to enable Day of week on labels How to enable/disable news notifications on the chart? How can I keep chart position in time after applying a new interval? How can I highlight electronic session on futures? How to draw temporarily on the chart - Demonstration cursor Simple steps to Split view mode How to enable/disable floating data tooltip? How to set removal of locked drawings? How to change the time frame quickly I can't select an intraday timeframe How to enable Autoscale How to merge all scales into one I cannot see prices on the price scale How to move an indicator to the main pane I cannot remove blue vertical lines on my chart How do I display the price line for the extended session? My drawing tool keeps placing new drawings every time I click on the chart How to view chart data as a table English English Select market data provided by ICE Data Services . Select reference data provided by FactSet. Copyright © 2026 FactSet Research Systems Inc. Copyright © 2026, American Bankers Association. CUSIP Database provided by FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. SEC fillings and other documents provided by Quartr . © 2026 TradingView, Inc. More than a product Supercharts Screeners Stocks ETFs Bonds Crypto coins CEX pairs DEX pairs Pine Heatmaps Stocks ETFs Crypto coins Calendars Economic Earnings Dividends More products Yield Curves Options Macro Maps News Flow Pine Script® Apps Mobile Desktop Community Social network Wall of Love Refer a friend House Rules Moderators Ideas Trading Education Editors' picks Pine Script Indicators & strategies Wizards Freelancers Tools & subscriptions Features Pricing Market data Gift plans Trading Overview Top brokers Brokers comparison Special offers CME Group futures Eurex futures US stocks bundle About company Who we are Space mission Blog Careers Media kit Merch TradingView store Tarot cards for traders The C63 TradeTime Policies & security Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Accessibility Statement Security tips Bug Bounty program Status page Business solutions Widgets Charting libraries Lightweight Charts™ Advanced Charts Trading Platform Growth opportunities Advertising Brokerage integration Partner program Education program Community Social network Wall of Love Refer a friend House Rules Moderators Ideas Trading Education Editors' picks Pine Script Indicators & strategies Wizards Freelancers Business solutions Widgets Charting libraries Lightweight Charts™ Advanced Charts Trading Platform Growth opportunities Advertising Brokerage integration Partner program Education program Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more Show more

